Correct api docs for functions that are already there (#129)
Agoric/documentation: main/zoe/api/zoe-contract-facet.md

<Zoe-Version/>

> A Zoe Contract Facet is an API object for a running contract instance to access the Zoe state for that instance. A Zoe Contract Facet is access synchronously from within the contract, and usually is referred to in code as `zcf`. The contract instance is launched by `zoe.makeInstance`, andis given access to the `zcf` object dduring that launch. In the operation below, the `instanceHandle` is the handle for the running contract instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Zoe Contract Facet is an API object for a running contract instance to access the Zoe state for that instance. A Zoe Contract Facet is access synchronously from within the contract, and usually is referred to in code as `zcf`. The contract instance is launched by `E(zoe).makeInstance`, and is given access to the `zcf` object during that launch. In the operation below, the `instanceHandle` is the handle for the running contract instance.
```
